
---
title: Adventure 1 Initial Shakedown trip
published: true
---

**dates:** 18-20 June 2020 Thursday, Friday, and Saturday

**location:** Mountain Park National Forest Campground url("https://www.fs.usda.gov/recarea/arp/recreation/recarea/?recid=36697)

**elevation:** ?? feet

**cell coverage:** T-Mobile - ??


Not deterred by the `<strong>`{=html}Campground Full`</strong>`{=html}
sign we asked the campground host about the first come, first served
sites.  He was the host for the "upper" campground and suggested we
check in with the "lower" campground host because that is where those
sites were. Maybe this pearl of wisdom is posted somewhere but we
suddenly felt like we had inside information.  We now know to ignore
signs and ask questions. The host was easy to find as he was driving a
golf cart. It's all of matter of where you are; in the campground the
golf cart indicates someone who can answer a question.  Much to his
surprise and our relief there were two sites available. Although it was
over an hour before the official check-in time there was someone ahead
of us who had the choice of the open sites. We could have whichever site
they did not take.  Their car whizzed by us as we stood talking to the
host.  He said, "you got the nice one, right on the river" as he
shrugged his shoulders at the rear end of the other camper's car.

We took his word for it and backed into our site.  The roar of the river
meant some hollering at each other to guess at the distance we would
need to set up our tarp.  That's one of the many things shake down trips
are for; exactly how big is the tarp we bought and haven't taken out of
the bag yet?

The campground asks that you pay and hang up your tag on the post at the
road within 10 minutes of arrival so everyone knows the site is occupied
and for how many days.  Peter was prepared with cash to pay for our two
night stay but here's another surprise, National Forest Campgrounds take
checks!  We've added checks to our list of things to bring because
although we rarely camp without reservations here we were camping
without reservations.  It could happen again.

We have designated a notebook for notes to help us remember what works,
what doesn't, add to our lists, make note of things we need to do, and
general information.

Who is Cece you ask?  Our van!   The idea came from our first trip, when
we rented a campervan, to see if we liked it.  We were travelling over a
beautiful pass full of breathtaking foliage and I kept saying "see,
see?"  That is how it feels to be out on the road in Colorado, something
to marvel at everywhere we go.  And now it's all more accessible as we
bring our kitchen and bedroom along with us.

The tarp significantly expands our living space.  It also gives us a dry
place to cook in the event we want something to eat and it is raining.
 Or hailing.  You never know in the mountains.  On this trip we learned
the tarp can sustain small hail.  We huddled under it and watched it
bounce around.
`
A bluetooth speaker is a nice addition to camp
life. We passed the time during the storm listening to a book.  For both
of us to be able to hear we needed something that could rise above the
sounds of the rushing river, the pouring rain, and the pelting hail.

All of these notes would be
added to our typed lists before we packed for our next adventure. Which
we were now feeling significantly better prepared
for.

### Book Review "Say Nothing: A True Story of Murder and Memory in Northern Ireland" by Patrick Radden Keefe

We were listening to Sara's book group choice, "Say Nothing: A True
Story of Murder and Memory in Northern Ireland" by Patrick Radden Keefe.
 Keefe tells the story of Jean McConville, a young widow with 10
children.  In telling us her story he enlightens us about the history of
Northern Ireland.  The Belfast of 1972 is mostly unrecognizable from the
Belfast Peter and I visited in 2011.  I was struck then by how much
glass there is there now; office buildings with ceiling to floor
windows, a downtown mall with a glass observation deck on the top floor,
and public art shimmering near the harbor where the Titanic was built.
 We walked around Belfast at night, to go to the pub (which is the one
place we heard "Galway Girl" live but that is a story for another time)
and during the day when we could see the eyes of a sniper painted on a
building follow us across a field.  The fact is even then there were
places it was not safe to go and it's nearly impossible to mail a
postcard. We may be arguing over removal of blue postal boxes, but in
Belfast they cannot have them at all.

Keefe brings what are now known as The Troubles to life through people
who lived them.  Some of the names are familiar, Bobby Sands and Che
Guevara among them.  The face of Bobby Sands is on the side of a
building right around the corner from a Carnegie Library.  Che Guevara's
image dominates a section of one of the peace walls. Murals are
everywhere in Northern Ireland, telling the story as one side or the
other sees it, or just reminding us what someone looked like.  Keefe
weaves his story as if we are walking along, possibly seeing some of
these people or small pieces of their lives. He leaves their story to
tell us about something or someone else, we may forget about them until
he brings them back into his narrative, helping us make the connections
of what was being fought for and against.  I learned a lot, I understand
more, I am glad I listened to this book. The next week my book group had
our first in person gathering in months; a socially distanced mask
wearing affair in one of our member's back yards.  One thing we all
agreed on was although these times are difficult we are glad to be here
now and not in Belfast of the 1970's.  We hope the border with
observation towers does not reappear due to Britain's exit from the
European Union and that we can all visit one day armed with better
knowledge of the history and hurt that have happened there.


### Back to the Wilderness:

There's a nice hike at Mountain Park.  We were tired from preparing for
the trip and cold from sitting out the storm so we did a timed hike, an
hour up and then turn around. The clouds were still hanging over us as
we set out, making the views gothic like; the mists rolling over the
hills, the clouds shifting among the peaks.  But it felt good to move
around and did warm us up.  This was June by the way.  We were lucky it
didn't snow.

Here is our trusty campervan in our campsite backed up to the Poudre river.
![](https:/assets/campervanning/2020-6-MountainPark.jpg){: width="50"}
